5.15.4 (#40489)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.15.4
<!-- generated comparing v5.15.3..master -->
_Jan 9, 2024_

A big thanks to the 20 contributors who made this release possible.
This release was mostly about 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements.

### `@mui/material@5.15.4`

> - [Dialog] Refactor form submission in FormDialog component (#40470) @sai6855

Reviewer: I think this is docs related:
```suggestion
```

- [TextField][FormLabel][InputLabel][FormControl] Use exact children type to allow React children type augmentation (#38872) @nicegamer7
- [Select] Add form submission regression test (#40176) @mj12albert

> - [ToggleButtonGroup] Support different elements under it (#40220) @Methuselah96

Reviewer: This could be highlighted similarly to ButtonGroup in [v5.14.9](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/releases/tag/v5.14.9).

Suggested highlight:
"✨ Material UI's [ToggleButtonGroup component](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-toggle-button/) now supports various elements underneath by removing React.cloneElement usage (e.g., a Tooltip or a disabled Tooltip on ToggleButton) (#40220)"

### `@mui/material-nextjs@5.15.4`

> - Fix build size (#40436) @siriwatknp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve build size (#40436) @siriwatknp
```
or
```suggestion
- Fix build size issue (#40436) @siriwatknp
```

### `@mui/icons-material@5.15.4`

- Update the icons (#40365) @michaldudak

### `@mui/system@5.15.4`

- [zero] Move zero runtime related packages  (#40426) @brijeshb42
- Fix all use of styled(Box) (#40449) @oliviertassinari

### `@mui/utils@5.15.4`

> - Fix isPlainObject to work across realm (#39981) @brijeshb42

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix `isPlainObject` to work across realm (#39981) @brijeshb42
```

- [examples] Use material-nextjs integration package (#40199) @siriwatknp
- [code-infra] Configure build dependencies in nx (#40482) @michaldudak
- [code-infra] Don't require noreferrer on target link (#40447) @oliviertassinari
- [code-infra] Use tsx instead of ts-node (#40428) @michaldudak
- [docs-infra] Remove explicit `mui-x` dependency resolving (#40257) @LukasTy
- [docs-infra] Fix anchor links in API pages (#40450) @oliviertassinari
- [docs-infra] Fix API table full-width (#40476) @oliviertassinari
- [docs-infra] Fix the copy button overlapping with the scrollbar (#40405) @danilo-leal
- [docs-infra] Add types for withDocsInfra (#40301) @oliviertassinari
- [core] Remove duplicate devDependencies (#40438) @michaldudak
- [core] Remove issue emoji @oliviertassinari
- [core] Move prefetch at the core, will propagate to MUI X @oliviertassinari
- [core] Change package manager to pnpm (#36287) @Janpot
- [core][docs] Remove the "Understand MUI packages" page (#39835) @savalaram-redkar
- [website] Evolve the Developer Advocate role (#40337) @oliviertassinari
- [website] Fix default social card @oliviertassinari
- [test] Restore the `t` command (#40430) @michaldudak

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.15.4

<!-- generated comparing v5.15.3..master -->

> _Jan 9, 2024_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Jan 10, 2024_
```

A big thanks to the 22 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights:

> - ✨ Material UI's [ToggleButtonGroup](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-toggle-button/) now supports non-button element as a child (e.g., a Tooltip or a disabled Tooltip that wraps a ToggleButton) (#40220)

Reviewer: It should have been:
```suggestion
- ✨ Material UI's [ToggleButtonGroup](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-toggle-button/) now supports non-button element as a child (e.g., showing a Tooltip on a disabled ToggleButton) (#40220)
```
There's no disabled tooltip 😅

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.15.4

<!-- generated comparing v5.15.3..master -->

_Jan 10, 2024_

A big thanks to the 22 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights:

> - ✨ Material UI's [ToggleButtonGroup](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-toggle-button/) now supports non-button element as a child (e.g., showing a Tooltip on a disabled ToggleButton) (#40220)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ✨ Material UI's [ToggleButtonGroup](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-toggle-button/) now supports non-button element as a child (e.g., showing a Tooltip on a disabled ToggleButton) (#40220) @Methuselah96
```
